Skills:

Lead client facing technical architecture and design workshops.: Lead technical design and architectural workshops.
Implement complex technical security solutions with minimal supervision.: Deploy and configure complex technical solutions using our internal specifications, documentation, and best practices, with minimal supervision.
Resolve implementation-related technical issues.: Resolve implementation issues with a combination of skills, experience, vendor support, and internal consultations.
Work closely with Project Managers on defining task details, timelines, status updates, and working within project scope.: Work closely with Project Managers on defining task details, timelines, status updates, and working within project scope.
Understand project scope definition, validation, and rapid deployment of services.: Understand project scope definition, validation, and rapid deployment of services.
Maintain an exhaustive understanding of the guiding principles for Conversant Group product & service offerings.: Maintain an exhaustive understanding of our products and solutions.
Act as a SME for Conversant Group’s Managed Security Solutions portfolio.: Act as a subject matter expert for Conversant Group’s product and service solutions
Provide mentoring and be a technical escalation for team members.: Provide mentoring and be a technical escalation for junior / mid-level engineers.
Maintain select vendor technical certifications.: Maintain a high degree of proficiency in the products and software to be implemented.
Provide client education for deployed solutions.: Provide client education for deployed solutions.
Collaborate with clients, partners, and vendors to aid in successful deployment of security solutions.: Collaborate with clients, partners, and vendors to aid in successful deployment of security solutions.
Technologies:

Cohesity: Implementing and Supporting On-premises, Hybrid, Cloud based Security Solutions such as Cohesity
Microsoft Azure: Implementing and Supporting On-premises, Hybrid, Cloud based Security Solutions such as Microsoft Azure
AWS: Implementing and Supporting On-premises, Hybrid, Cloud based Security Solutions such as AWS
VMWare: Implementing and Supporting On-premises, Hybrid, Cloud based Security Solutions such as VMWare
Microsoft platforms: Working Knowledge and Understanding of Microsoft platforms highly desired.
VMware platforms: Working Knowledge and Understanding of VMWare platforms highly desired.

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=326aecf5562629b4&from=jasx&tk=1hdea7hq42do5000&vjs=3
