SKills:

Experience with Oracle EDMCS/DRM and SAP MDG.
Experience in managing or executing data cleansing, data mapping, and data governance areas, preferably in an SAP environment as well as integration across complex ERP landscapes.
Experience of interfacing SAP with legacy and modern data ecosystems.
Experience in data modeling, data mapping, and data transformation.
Experience in data governance, data quality management, and MDM concepts.
SAP MDG or Oracle EDMCS certification is a plus.
Working knowledge of SAP finance modules.
Experience with Collibra workflows and master data modules.
Experience in successful delivery of scaled agile.
Scripting and programming skills in languages like Python, Java, or Scala.
Experience as a Data Engineer or similar role with a focus on GCP. Strong knowledge of cloud-based data storage solutions, such as Cloud Storage, Cloud SQL, and Bigtable.
Knowledge of data privacy regulations and compliance standards (e.g., GDPR, CCPA).

Responsibilities:

Collaborating with cross-functional teams to define and enforce data governance policies, standards, and best practices within Oracle EDMCS and SAP MDG.
Utilizing your deep knowledge of Oracle EDMCS and SAP MDG to configure and maintain workflows, and validation rules.
Being proficient in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) services and tools, including BigQuery, Dataflow, Dataproc, and Pub/Sub.
Working closely with IT and Business teams to ensure seamless data integration between Oracle EDMCS, SAP MDG, and other enterprise systems.
Developing and maintaining data mapping and transformation rules to ensure data consistency and compliance.
Collaborating with data stewards and business users to resolve data-related issues and support data maintenance activities as well as own function design fo the end to end master data lifecycle mgmt
Creating and maintaining comprehensive documentation for data management processes, configurations, and standard operating procedures.

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=53f6056d9cfd3d9f&from=jasx&tk=1hdea988rk6dn800&vjs=3
