SKills:

5+ years of overall IT Experience working with Business Intelligence and Data understanding.
3 + years designing and developing reports and dashboards in Power BI.
3 + Strong SQL skills (complex queries on relational databases, stored procedures, automation) required.
2+ years designing and developing reports and dashboards using BI tools like Power bi , DAX functions, Qlik Sense and Tableau.
Experience with Designing Data Visualization for Business Needs.
Excellent communication skills and understanding Business requirements.
Hands-On experience with GitHub, JIRA, and CI/CD tools.
Experience using statistical computer languages (Python, SQL, R, etc.) to manipulate data and draw insights from large data sets
Experience working in an Agile Scrum environment or good familiarity with the Agile methodologies.
Good understanding of Data Warehousing & Data Modeling fundamentals.
Strong ability to communicate clearly and professionally with end customers.
Any Cloud Application, Database, Data Integration, Business Intelligence Application Certifications are preferable.
Exposure to Data Streaming, and Data API Design & Development experience would be preferable.
Familiarity or working experience with one of tools like SSIS, ER Studio..

Responsibilities:

Working closely with business stakeholders and product owners on requirement gathering & assessment.
Working with QA & Business Analysts on Integration & User Acceptance Testing.
Working using Agile Delivery Methodology, to deliver in Quick Delivery Cycles.
Developing Power BI datasets, dataflows and dashboard creation from various data sources.
Developing visual reports, dashboards and KPI scorecards using BI tools like Power BI, Qlik Sense and Tableau.
Developing paginated reports using Power Bi Build.
Connecting to data sources, importing data and transforming data for Business Intelligence using Qlik Sense and Power BI. Create and Maintain Design specifications and Support documentation.
Involve in Design Reviews & Post-Production Support Activities.
Troubleshoot systems production/performance issues.
Must be passionate about contributing to an organization focused on continuously improving consumer experiences.
Must be open to new data technologies and self-learning for new business needs.

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=639c90e33f632674&from=jasx&tk=1hdea7hq42do5000&vjs=3
