SKills:

Expertise with analytical reporting tools, preferably Cognos and Tableau.
Mastery in code based ETL/ ELT tools for importing and exporting data across disparate systems.
Expertise in analytic skills related to working with unstructured datasets.
Use of industry best practices for code development, testing, implementation and documentation.
Ability to evaluate and prioritize work based on the organization’s needs.
Ability to supervise cross team projects to accomplish data integrations and pipelines.
Supervisory abilities for data engineering team with respect to technical design and architecture.
Excellent verbal & written communication, along with technical documentation
Ability to work and deliver in a team environment
Ability to manage the use of tools like Jira, Confluence, GitHub
Architect and Develop processes for audit of Data Integrity
Ability to mentor Associate/Senior/Data Engineer in data pipeline architecture and coding standards
Supervise Validation and testing to analyze and debug issues
Mastery of AWS cloud technologies, REST API, and HTML5
Mastery of relational SQL and NoSQL databases
Mastery with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, Scala
Mastery of big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, Databricks, etc.

Responsibilities:

Supervise work on cloud technologies and architect scalable and performant Data Lake systems.
Establish design and methodology for database build processes.
Supervise the architecture and design of complete data model solutions.
Supervise necessary data protection and security processes.
Create and design extract processes for data access layer.
Translate business problems/information requirements accurately to logical/physical data models aligning with customers’ data architecture standards.
Supervise and perform research and analysis to find solutions for complex business problems.
Monitor job performance and fine tune Spark SQL queries as appropriate on a regular basis.
Supervise the profiling of data, the publishing of data profiles and corrective actions if required to ensure data quality.
Supervise and perform documentation / reverse engineering / analysis of data mapping using data integration code/tools.
Work with APIs for data wrangling and integrations with other systems data in the EDW.
Perform impact analysis using Data Integration/Data Virtualization tool repositories, DB data dictionary, UNIX scripts and frontend code on versioning systems.
Analyze / research data on multiple platforms as wells as multiple heterogeneous databases including custom developed databases.
Positively impact projects by completing tasks assigned on time.
Communicate technical and domain knowledge as it relates to work, to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Ingest and transform structured, semi-structured, and unstructured data from sources including relational databases, NoSQL, external APIs, JSON, XML, delimited files, and more.
Support business and functional requirements and translate these requirements into robust, scalable, solutions.
Collaborate with engineers to help adopt best practices in data system creation, data integrity, test design, analysis, validation, and documentation.
Help continually improve ongoing reporting and analysis processes, automate, or simplify self-service modelling and production support for customers.
Performs other related duties as assigned.

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=6d6399c51c6d5573&from=jasx&tk=1hdea988rk6dn800&vjs=3
