SKills:

AWS (Glue, Athena, API Gateway)
SQL, NoSQL
Data developments with modeling tools such as Neo4J, Erwin, Embarcadero, transforming logical, physical, conceptual, reverse engineering & forward engineering.
Development with Alation and/or EASparx
Data Movement tools such as Informatica & others...
Unit testing
RESTful API Development
Desire and willingness to learn new data tools
Agile mindset and iterative development process background
CMS data experience
CMS Public Trust clearance, EUA highly preferred
AWS CDK and/or other AWS services (or comparable cloud data solutioning tools)
Experience with Git and CICD pipelines
Relational database design
Microservices / Containers (Docker, Kubernetes)
Informatica Intelligent Cloud Services (IICS)
Prior experience with CMS, preferably within clinical quality or standards area

Responsibilities:

Research, design, build, optimize and maintain reliable, efficient, and accessible data models, systems and pipelines/APIs etc.
Support, with guidance, the analytic and/or operational use of data.
Align closely with Enterprise partners in data science, architecture, governance, infrastructure, and security to apply standards and optimize production environments and practices.
Collaborate with business owners to optimize data collection, movement, storage, and usage to data process and data quality.
Convert concepts & ideas into workable prototypes (custom or COTS products) for client reviews and acceptance.
Translate business needs into: data architecture solutions development within supported data systems.
Translate business needs into: data orchestration pipelines (source to target analysis & recommendations), data sourcing, cleansing, augmentation and quality control processes within supported data systems.
Translate business needs into:Prototype, test and integrate new data tools (i.e. data features and functionality) as defined by the product owners and business teams
Help promote a culture of diversity and inclusion within the department and the larger organization
Value different ideas and opinions
Listen courageously and remain curious in all that you do

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=814edb5947a6ddd9&from=jasx&tk=1hdea988rk6dn800&vjs=3
