SKills:

Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field with 6 years of experience OR an Associate’s degree in Computer Science/Engineering or related field with 8 years of experience.
Knowledge of professional software engineering practices and best practices for the full software development life cycle (SDLC), including coding standards, code reviews, source control management, build processes, testing, and operations.
Have in-depth knowledge of data engineering and building data pipelines with a minimum of 5 years of experience in data engineering, data science or analytical modeling and basic knowledge of related disciplines.
Worked and lead Data Engineering teams in Continuous Integration / Continuous Delivery model.
Build/Lead Data products highly resilient in nature. Build/Lead Test Automation suites, Unit Testing coverage, Data Quality, Monitoring & Observability.
A minimum experience of 5 years using relational databases and NoSQL Databases.
Experience with cloud platforms such as GCP, Azure, AWS.
Continuous Integration using Jenkins, Git Hub Actions or Azure Pipelines.
Experience with cloud technologies, development and deployment.
Experience with tools like Jira, GitHub, SharePoint, Azure Boards.
Experience using advanced data processing solutions/capabilities such as Apache Spark, Hive, Airflow and Kafka, GCP Dataflow.
Experience using big data, statistics and knowledge of data related aspects of machine learning.
Experience with Google BigQuery, FHIR APIs, and Vertex AI.
Knowledge of how workflow scheduling solutions such as Apache Airflow and Google Composer related to data systems.
Knowledge of using Infrastructure as code (Kubernetes, Docker) in a cloud environment.

Responsibilities:

As a member of the Data and Analytics organization, you will be responsible for building and delivering best-in-class clinical data initiatives aimed at driving best-in-class solutions.
You will collaborate with analytic partners and business partners from product strategy, program management, IT, data strategy, and predictive analytics teams to develop effective solutions for our partners.
Lead data design, prototype, and development of data pipeline architecture pipelines.
Lead implementation of internal process improvements: automating manual processes, optimizing data delivery, re-designing infrastructure for greater scalability.
Lead cause analysis on external and internal processes and data to identify opportunities for improvement and answer questions.
Excellent analytic skills associated with working on unstructured datasets.
Understand the architecture, be a team player, lead technical discussions and communicate the technical discussion.
Be a senior Individual contributor of the Data or Software Engineering teams.
Be part of Technical Review Board along with Manager and Principal Engineer.
Be a technical liaison between Manager, Software Engineers and Principal Engineers.
Collaborate with software engineers to analyze, develop and test functional requirements.
Write clean, maintainable code 30% of the time and performing peer code-reviews.
Mentor and Coach Engineers.
Work with team members to investigate design approaches, prototype new technology and evaluate technical feasibility.
Work in an Agile/Safe/Scrum environment to deliver high quality software.
Establish architectural principles, select design patterns, and then mentor team members on their appropriate application.
Facilitate and drive communication between front-end, back-end, data and platform engineers.
Play a formal Engineering lead role in the area of expertise.
Keep up-to-date with industry trends and developments.

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=90ca40677b46e6ea&from=jasx&tk=1hdea7hq42do5000&vjs=3
