SKills:

Accountability - Demonstrates an understanding of the link between one’s own job responsibilities and overall organizational goals and needs, and performs one’s job with the broader goals in mind. Looks beyond the requirements of one’s own job to offer suggestions for improvements of overall organization operations. Takes personal ownership in the organization’s success.
Customer Focus - Demonstrates concern for meeting internal and external customers’ needs in a manner that provides satisfaction for the customer. Considers the impact on the external customer when taking action, setting policies or carrying out one’s own job tasks. Looks for external trends that are likely to shape the wants and needs of customers in the near future. Looks for creative approaches to providing or improving services that may increase efficiency and decrease cost.
Business Acumen - Interprets situations and events from a business standpoint in order to make decisions that are consistent and congruent with the organization's strategic direction and goals. Demonstrates the ability to use technology to enhance decision making, and provide cost-effective organizational and management tools. Aligns policies for a consistent and united business approach. Increases cooperation and communications between departments.
Decision Making - Makes good decisions using a combination of analysis, knowledge, experience, and judgment. Analyzes and distinguishes core problems by looking at the symptoms. Resolves key issues behind major problems in the short term while developing and executing long term solutions. Has a strong record for making decisions that are correct and accurate. Applies strategies to implement effective decision making during crises.
Results Focused - Demonstrates concern for achieving or surpassing results against an internal or external standard of excellence, shows a passion for improving the delivery of services with a commitment to continuous improvement. Sets and maintains high performance standards for self and others that support the organization’s strategic plan.

Responsibilities:

Provide post-sales engineering implementation services for network solutions across various BBOX product and service offerings such as requirement definitions and implementation plans, end-to-end system designs, equipment staging, configuration creation and testing, and solution deployment of varying types of software and/or hardware network solution deployments spanning geographical separation.
Proactively assess solution specifications in light of changing customer requirements, and recommend solution changes that optimize value for both the client and BBOX organization.
Prepare documentation for internal and external clients detailing system designs and configuration of deployed solutions.
Ability to coordinate remotely with Smart Hands and Project Managers to complete the activity with clear communication and coordination
Develop and maintain professional and productive relationships with clients, infrastructure vendors such as ISPs and Carrier Services, software & hardware vendors and related key contributors to ensure stable and quality product & service delivery consistent with company objectives and client expectations.
Provide a technical overview of product architecture, functionality, system data requirements, service delivery and integration with enterprise applications.
Continuously expand, research and leverage knowledge of market and industry trends and benchmarking to identify, recommend and implement best practices, methodologies and relevant analytics.
Continuously develop and enhance knowledge, skills and abilities through various learning channels to expand technical and non-technical capabilities. Ensure further expansion of skill-set in the operating systems, networking infrastructure and products & services that BBOX supports.
Meet all financial performance objectives for area of responsibility and take corrective action as needed.
Implement and make recommendations to improve methodologies, core competencies and processes for deployment engineering to ensure stable and quality product & service delivery consistent with company objectives and client expectations.
Maintain and enhance a strong client service-oriented environment focused on problem prediction, detection and resolution. Proactively identify and remove barriers to meeting client expectations. Provide timely documentation of issues, action plan and outcome. Achieve all client satisfaction objectives and internal and external SLAs.
Actively and consistently recommend and support all efforts to improve, simplify, automate and enhance day to day service delivery operations and the client experience.
Foster and contribute toward collaborative working relationships within operations and across all levels and departments of the organization to execute deployment engineering functions and company priorities.
Utilize escalation and exception paths, processes and systems to report current performance and make recommendations for improvement of performance.
Achieve performance targets established by leadership for applicable Key Performance Indicators.
Perform other duties as assigned by management.

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=e6c5d0d5fcc570e0&from=jasx&tk=1hdeaahlgk6pf800&vjs=3
