SKills:

6+ years professional software development
You’ve built high quality data pipelines before with comprehensive unit tests suites, data quality checks etc.
Has a solid grasp of building new frameworks, tools or systems. Able to bring creative technical solutions to the table and design solutions at scale.
Experience with Apache Spark and Delta Lake are a plus, but not required
Solid understanding of system topologies from machine architecture to network architecture. Ability to solve unique complex problems.
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision on system level projects. Identifies and corrects errors on their own. Assumes greater responsibilities and anticipates some team needs. A wide degree of creativity and latitude is expected.
Proposes new solutions, ideas, tools and techniques for moderately complex problems.
Begins to assume a lead role in team projects. Mentors and provides guidance.
Considers multiple approaches and recommends best technical direction including logic and reasoning to areas outside of the immediate team.
Proven hands-on Software Development experience, especially API and microservices architecture
Having experience apache spark would be useful
Experience with data modeling
Python experience is a plus

Responsibilities:

Design and implement mission critical data pipelines for our company
Help create a set of high-quality, composable data products for our data consumers
Write well designed, testable, performant, and efficient code that runs on Apache Spark and Delta Lake
Lead the development of a world-class data lake that meets the strict security, privacy, and compliance requirements of the healthcare industry
Collaborate with the data science and machine learning team to build data sets used for model training and development
Mentor and coach other engineers to build a data-first culture at the company
Write well designed, testable, performant, and efficient code
Contribute in all phases of the development lifecycle

URL:https://www.indeed.com/rc/clk?jk=f1db132bcf22f966&from=jasx&tk=1hdea8gffk2nb800&vjs=3
